Before we can start having all the fun, first we have to install Kit and configure a couple of things.
That's what we are going to do in this lecture.
Let's get started.
Download Git from Git Dash SMK Downloads is a pretty lightweight download and you can download based
on your operating system throughout the course.
I'm going to use Visual Studio code so you can download visuals to your code from code dot Visual Studio
dot com slash download Git will work with any other ideas you currently have, but if you are following
the demo and you want your screen to look and feel like the ones I'm showing in the demo, I would recommend
using Visual Studio code.
Once both Git and Visual Studio code are downloaded and installed, you can run Git version in the Visual
Studio Code terminal and you should get the version back.
That means Git is successfully installed and ready to be used.
Now we have to configure Git but it is pretty straightforward.
We only have to configure the username and user email because Git uses this information with every git
commit and that information is baked into the commit history so that when you look at the history,
you can track who made the change to configure the username run this command git config does dash global
username and then put your name in double codes.
We are putting double codes because we have a space in between the first name and last name.
And this dash dash global option ensures that any git project you do in your machine it is going to
use this name.
Alternatively, you can set this name for each project, but generally you have the same name for all
your projects that you are doing.
So we are going to run with this global option.
Press Enter All right, username is set similarly to set user email.
You run this command git config dash dash global user dot email and then your email address press enter.
That's it.
That's all the configuration you need with Git.
You will also need a account in GitHub.
So go to github dot com and then sign up using email.
It's pretty straightforward and simple process.
All right.
With that being said, let's start the fun.
Join me in the next lecture with our first git demo.